toolbar:                        flat
toolbar.color:                  #202020
toolbar.button:                 parentrelative
toolbar.button.picColor:        grey85
toolbar.button.pressed:         flat
toolbar.button.pressed.color:   grey75
toolbar.label:                  parentrelative
toolbar.label.textColor:        grey85
toolbar.windowLabel:            parentrelative
toolbar.windowLabel.textColor:  grey85
toolbar.clock:                  parentrelative
toolbar.clock.textColor:        grey85
toolbar.justify:                right
toolbar.font:                   sans:size=13

menu.title:                     flat
menu.title.color:               #202020
menu.title.textColor:           white
menu.title.font:                sans:size=11
menu.title.justify:             right

menu.frame:                     flat
menu.frame.color:               grey75
menu.frame.textColor:           grey20
menu.frame.disableColor:        grey40
menu.frame.font:                sans:size=11
menu.frame.justify:             center

menu.bullet.position:           right
menu.bullet:                    triangle

menu.hilite:                    flat
menu.hilite.color:              #202020
menu.hilite.textColor:          white

window.title.focus:             flat
window.title.focus.color:       #202020
window.title.unfocus:           flat
window.title.unfocus.color:     grey75

window.label.focus:             parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor:   white
window.label.unfocus:           parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor: grey75

window.button.focus:            parentrelative
window.button.focus.picColor:   grey85
window.button.unfocus:          parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.picColor: grey75
window.button.pressed:          flat
window.button.pressed.color:    grey75

window.handle.focus:            flat
window.handle.focus.color:      #202020
window.handle.unfocus:          flat
window.handle.unfocus.color:    grey75

window.grip.focus:              parentrelative
window.grip.unfocus:            parentrelative

window.frame.focusColor:        #202020
window.frame.unfocusColor:      grey75

window.font:                    sans:size=11
window.justify:                 right

borderColor:                    rgb:2/3/4

bevelWidth:                     1
borderWidth:                    1
handleWidth:                    4

*textColor:                     grey85
*Font:                          sans:size=10

background: flat
background.color: #2c001e

bbpager.desktop.focus:          flat
bbpager.desktop.focus.color:    #202020
